C/C++ Questions and Debugging

what does the volatile keyword mean?

Another program or some hardware may update the data pointed to by this variable. Ensures what is being read out of a variable isn't based on compiler's optimization
or an old copy of the variable the program had.
Ensures that the variable is fetched from memory on every access.

what does the static keyword mean?

Variable preserves its value even if it's out of scope. Can make some functions non-reentrant.


Other questions: What is volatile keyword? When is it used?
what is static variable in c++. what is mutex and virtual memory

what is the difference between debug and release mode in VS, 

What are some examples of container classes in the Standard Template Library
Vector, List, Hash Map, HashSet, etc.

Containers store objectsin an organized fashion and follow specific acess rules. They have 3 properties:
access--way of accessing objects in the container
storage--way of storing objects back to container
traversal--way of traversing objects in the container

Container classes are expected to implemnt the following:
create an empty container (Constructor)
insert objects into the container
delete objects from the container
deleted all objects from the container (clear)
access the objects in the container
access the number of objects in the container (count)

Containers are sometimes implemented in conjunction with iterators.

3. A question on merge sort. It was a little complicated involving two processor communication. 
One processor had a sorted list and the other also had a sorted list. 
Write a program to merge the list in a memory accessible to both the processors. 
(I know I am not clear on the explanation of the question, basically you will have to know how merge sort works )

5. Given that in a switch statement, there are very large number of cases(say 10000). 
How best can you improve the O(n)? What data structure can you implement and how. FYI, 
each case statement can be a function. (Switch case statement is also branching ...)

Cycle in Linked List 

Take two pointers, one fast and one slow

Question on producer/consumer theory and asked to analyze a specific model case. 

os, multi threading ,c questions

1) How do you deal with the inaccuracy of floating point comparisons.
2) Distinguish pointers and references in C++
3) Algorithm to find the intersection between two polygons  

Debugging related questions. E.g. how would you use a debugger to find location of bug?

Design a queue using pointers
