detailed questions about CPU/GPU architecture. 

Also, questions involving Amdahl's Law

Difference between ARM and Intel CPU on high level architecture
- Describe I2S, I2C

ARM uses RISC and x86 uses CISC, so assembly instruction sets are very different.
- Describe hardware signals and operations

if you could do one thing to improve a GPU, what would it be?

Solve how to serialize and record a multithreaded graphics command pipelines to the GPU so that it can be replayed. 

4. Why is branching a bad thing for a processor? How does it slow the process down.

6. Implement a 3x3 averaging filter(not considering the center pixel) given an image,width and height. What is the minimum memory needed to perform this action.

Given a random instruction and asked for in-depth explanation of the stages of execution

a lot of details about Linux device driver programming including some specific interfaces  

Show a data structure for LRU cache

How about using a decrementing counter per cycle per block?
In every cycle, increment the counter (to its saturation) if the same is being looked for. 
Else, decrement it. Evict the block if counter =0.

Cache coherence algorithms between I/O and CPU  

Interviewer described a complex race condition involving OS code and GPU work submission. 
Asked me to fix it using a register and no extra buffer.  

Solve how to serialize and record a multithreaded graphics command pipelines to the GPU so that it can be replayed.

what are the types of cache misses? and how can we improve  each type of miss?

cold, conflict, capacity

compulsory/cold miss - prefetching
conflict - increasing associativity and/or improving replacement policy
capacity - increasing the capacity of the cache
coherence - reducing the block size(false sharing)

Architecture related questions: Cache, MMU etc  

How to deal with the problem that you frequently access the memory's two pages, suppose there is no cache. 

cache scheme, cache protocol, ways to choose thread, ECC

I was asked to design the instruction fetching stage of a processor simulator. 